{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;
\red252\green50\blue32;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c87843;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;
\cssrgb\c100000\c29539\c16203;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
HELLO .NET CORE! ASSIGNMENT\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 1.) 
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 run 'dotnet --version' to verify sdk is installed and in your system path\

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 Johns-Mac-mini:~ jfelechner$ dotnet --version\
5.0.104\
\
2.) 
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 Create a new folder with the name of your project using the terminal\

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 Johns-Mac-mini:overview_and_installation jfelechner$ dotnet new console -o HellodotNetCore!\
The template "Console Application" was created successfully.\
\
Processing post-creation actions...\
Running 'dotnet restore' on HellodotNetCore!/HellodotNetCore!.csproj...\
  Determining projects to restore...\
  Restored /Users/jfelechner/Personal Douments/Schooling/Coding Dojo/dojo_assignments/c#/overview_and_installation/HellodotNetCore!/HellodotNetCore!.csproj (in 149 ms).\
Restore succeeded.\
\
3.) 
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 cd into your new project folder
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
Johns-Mac-mini:overview_and_installation jfelechner$ cd HellodotNetCore!\
Johns-Mac-mini:HellodotNetCore! jfelechner$ \
\
4.) 
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 run 'dotnet new console' to spin up a new console application\

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 Johns-Mac-mini:HellodotNetCore! jfelechner$ dotnet new console\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Creating this template will make changes to existing files:\cf2 \
\cf5   Overwrite   HellodotNetCore!.csproj\cf2 \
\cf5   Overwrite   Program.cs\cf2 \
\
\cf5 Rerun the command and pass --force to accept and create.\cf2 \
Johns-Mac-mini:HellodotNetCore! jfelechner$ \
\
5.) 
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 run 'dotnet run' and see the message in your terminal. Your project is running\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 Johns-Mac-mini:HellodotNetCore! jfelechner$ dotnet run\
Hello World!\
Johns-Mac-mini:HellodotNetCore! jfelechner$ \
\
\
}